so I've seen on a wide assortment of spinning you know have it for bonuses
some people don't spend the bonuses at all I personally I don't
spend my and I just kind of let it sit there and I invested or you
know put on us how do you save the cow some people spend on their homes
some people use it as down payments for buying homes or some people
buy cars it just kind of depends on you as a person what you hold
dear some people go on like these extravagant vacations and kind of
burn a portion of it and they already know you know what they do with
the rest but are you can expect those kinds of things admire my
personal situation I have a road runner home down in Jacksonville and
I use a portion to upgrade the the home built privacy fence on production
ceiling fans things of that nature to increase the the value
of my home over I guess you know I feel more equity in the home as
well so you can use your you can spend your money or make your money
work for you kind of depends on you so that's one one way you can use
the money to make it work for you